Once you publish your answer on curagh is important not just to leave it there.
You do need to do a bit of promotion especially when you're just getting started in order to get the
word out.
So I would encourage you to go ahead and share your answer really across any social media profiles that
you've got set up so I can tweet this site and I can go ahead and view that on Twitter and you can really
see that you get the questionnaire and then the answer that's tweeted out there as well.
So what you can do is share that idea on your social media or what you can also do is just take the
link if you clicked this little button here you can copy the link and you can really share this anywhere
then that you could share this by e-mail to your e-mail list you could share this on Facebook.
So you can post that in to directly onto your Facebook page if you have one or you can share that out
on your own personal profile.
Another thing that you can do is if you come into Facebook you can share these answers in Facebook groups.
So if you're part of any Facebook groups you can come in and instead of just posting the questions directly
here which often groups don't allow you to do.
You can actually start to search groups.
So if you use that search bar you can search for questions maybe actually even a more specific Facebook
lead us which is all the questions about it.
So you can start to see anybody who's been discussing this.
And if we scroll down even to generate lead and say OK test video fan pages ads.
So if this was a you can see those 29 comments here.
There's people linking off to other stuff that they've done and what you could do is in the Commons
say something like if they're saying what would be an effective way to market my business.
You could say you should try lead odds they're extremely effective way and then you could link off to
your own strong cure where you've really given more details on that.
So that is a way you can do.
One key tip too when you do share your answers especially by e-mail if you've got a warm audience like
that you can say you know vote this answer if you find it helpful.
And that will enable you to get more up folks so you can really tight climb to the top quickly.
So those are a couple of ideas for how you can promote your curagh answers just copying the link there
and sharing it to your email list on Twitter and on your own Facebook in Facebook groups.
Really if you could share it on LinkedIn really anywhere you can but the key point is to it to enable
us to get to the top and get those fields and initial views.
You do need to go out and promote those.
So for your own questionnaire go ahead and start to promote your answers off of your swell.